Tag reuse in schema (#212)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-01-serialization.md

than it is for the semantic web, but it remains good advice where feasible.
:::

The schema structure may contain the same tag more than once with different URIs.
Reusing tags in this way must not be done unless the concepts identified by those URIs cannot appear in the same place in a dataset,
and should not be done unless the URIs identify closely related concepts.

:::example
Consider three extensions:

- `https://example.com/LocationRecord`, a record that describes a location.

> - `https://example.com/LocationPointer`, a substructure of most events that points to a `https://example.com/record-LOC`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `https://example.com/LocationPointer`, a substructure of most events that points to a `https://example.com/LocationRecord`.
```
